c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\obj\Debug\Crebit_Admin.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\Crebit_Admin.dll
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\Crebit_Admin.pdb
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\ClosedXML.dll
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\ExcelPackage.dll
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\ClosedXML.xml
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\ExcelPackage.pdb
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\obj\Debug\Crebit_Admin.dll
c:\users\dhs\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\obj\Debug\Crebit_Admin.pdb
C:\Users\DHS\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\DHS\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\DHS\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\DHS\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\GCM.SendToNotificationHub.dll
C:\Users\DHS\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
C:\Users\DHS\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\DHS\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\GCM.SendToNotificationHub.pdb
C:\Users\DHS\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
C:\Users\DHS\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Crebit_Admin\Crebit_Admin\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
